
aeProduct.getSubject()
 
1. We accept Alipay. 
aeProduct.getSubject()
2. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor ESCROW.
3. If you can't checkout immediately after the auction ends,please wait for a few minutes and retry payment. Friendly advise you to pay soon, so that we can arrange the shipment as soon as possible.
 
 
aeProduct.getSubject()
 
 
1. Worldwide Shipping(Except some countries). Normally, it will take 7-22 bussiness days arrive(Sat. & Sun. & Public holiday excluded.)
2. Some products with battery or bluetooth,may be returned by the Customs,and then need be re-shipped,so it will take a longer time,please be patient.
3. Items are generally shipped out with 1-3 business day after your payment has been cleared (Sat. & Sun. & Public holiday excluded.)
4. Taxes and charge are not included in the item price or shipping charge. these charges are buyer's responsibility.
5. If you want to use other express like UPS,DHL,FEDEX,EMS. please leave message or chat with us online. We will give you competitive price.
6. Note: We hope it arrives on time but since this is an international delivery, shipping time will be highly depended on the logistics company and local weather, customs/duties, postage, hope  you understanding.
7. If you have not received your items within 30 days from payment, please contact us. We will track the delivery information and get back to you as soon as possible with a reply. Our goal is customer satisfaction.
8. Please fill in complete consignee name & delivery address & contact information.
9. If you choose express delivery, please select the easy customs clearance express for you.
 
aeProduct.getSubject()
 
 
1. If you received an incorrect, damaged, defective, or item not as described, please contact us for a partial/full refund or replacement on our cost.
2. Receive the product within 7 days, we will be happy to exchange or refund for you, as long as all original packaging and accessories are in original condition.
3. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us and we will do our best to resolve it.
4. We maintain high standards of excellence and strive for 100% customer satisfaction.
 
aeProduct.getSubject()
 
1. If you would like to return your product(s) for repair / replacement / refund, please kindly contact our customer service.
2. All returned items must be in the original packaging and you must provide us with the shipping tracking number, specific reason for the return.
3. If returns for product quality problems,we will refund your full winning bid amount, upon receipt of the item in its original condition and packaging with all components and accessories included, after both Buyer and Seller cancel the transaction from aliexpress. or, you may choose to have a replacement.
 
aeProduct.getSubject()
 
1. Feedback is very important,we hope that you can contact us immediately before you give us neutral or negative feedback,so that we can try our best to make you satisfied. A negative feedback can not solve any problems if we don't konw the matter.
2. When you receive the item and satisfied with the product, please leave us positive feedback and 5 scores DSR, we will be highly appreciated. On the other hand,your feedback can be used as the shopping-references to other buyers